"""Rules
In Hog, two players alternate turns trying to be the first to end a turn with at least 100 total points. On each turn, the current player chooses some number of dice to roll, up to 10. That player's score for the turn is the sum of the dice outcomes. However, a player who rolls too many dice risks:

Pig Out. If any of the dice outcomes is a 1, the current player's score for the turn is 1.
Example 1: The current player rolls 7 dice, 5 of which are 1's. They score 1 point for the turn.
Example 2: The current player rolls 4 dice, all of which are 3's. Since Pig Out did not occur, they score 12 points for the turn.
In a normal game of Hog, those are all the rules. To spice up the game, we'll include some special rules:

Free Bacon. A player who chooses to roll zero dice scores k+3 points, where k is the nth digit of pi after the decimal point, and n is the total score of their opponent. As a special case, if the opponent's score is n = 0, then k = 3 (the digit of pi before the decimal point).
Example 1: The opponent has a score of 0, and the current player rolls zero dice. The current player will receive 3 + 3 = 6 points.
Example 2: The opponent has a score of 1, and the current player rolls zero dice. The current player will receive 1 + 3 = 4 points.
Example 3: The opponent has a score of 2, and the current player rolls zero dice. The current player will receive 4 + 3 = 7 points.
Example 4: The opponent has a score of 42, and the current player rolls zero dice. The current player will receive 9 + 3 = 12 points.
Swine Align. After points for the turn are added to the current player's score, if both players have a positive score and the Greatest Common Divisor (GCD) of the current player's score and the opponent's score is at least 10, take another turn.
Example 1: At the end of the first player's turn, the players have scores of 8 and 36. The GCD of the scores is 4, so the first player does not take another turn due to swine align.
Example 2: At the end of the first player's turn, the players have scores of 20 and 30. The GCD of the scores is 10, so the first player takes an extra turn.
Example 3: At the end of the first player's turn, the players have scores of 24 and 36. The GCD of the scores is 12, so the first player takes an extra turn. The first player rolls a 12 and the scores are now 36 and 36. The GCD of the scores is 36, so the first player takes yet another turn.
Example 4: At the end of the first player's turn, the players have scores of 15 and 0. Swine align only applies when both player scores are positive (not zero), so the first player does not take another turn due to swine align.
Pig Pass. After points for the turn are added to the current player's score, if the current player's score is lower than the opponent's score and the difference between them is less than 3, the current player takes another turn.
Example 1: At the end of the first player's turn, The opponent has a score of 10 and the current player has a score of 11. Since 11 > 10, the current player does not take another turn due to Pig Pass.
Example 2: At the end of the first player's turn, The opponent has a score of 10 and the current player has a score of 7. Because 10 - 7 = 3 >= 3, the current player does not take another turn due to Pig Passn.
Example 3: At the end of the first player's turn, The opponent has a score of 30 and the current player has a score of 28. Because 30 - 28 = 2 < 3, the current player takes another turn.
Example 4: At the end of the first player's turn, The opponent has a score of 30 and the current player has a score of 28. Like in Example 3, the current player takes another turn. If the current player then rolls a 1 and now has a score of 29, Pig Pass activates again and the current player takes yet another turn.
"""
